docs: fix description of PG source inherited table workaround (#23927)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-source/postgres.md

the inherited table.

You can mimic PostgreSQL's `SELECT` behavior with inherited tables by creating a

> materialized view that `UNION ALL`s data from the inherited and inheriting tables,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
materialized view that unions data from the inherited and inheriting tables (using `UNION ALL`),
```

though there are many caveats:

-   Materialized views are maintained in arrangements, which moves the tables'

>     data from being stored in relatively low-cost storage into memory.

Reviewer 2: Only thought is that if we are polishing this, we should maybe instead delete it because materialized views are no longer stored in arrangements?

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we would want to introduce a different caveat, that there will be ongoing compute work to maintain the materialized view. Though perhaps a non-materialized view is not out of scope either? Not really sure!
